Docs: add additional info about the source code of the drag-drop demo. (#15723)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/features/drag-drop.md

	This demo presents a limited set of features. Visit the {@link examples/builds/full-featured-editor feature-rich editor example} to see more in action.
</info-box>

> The source code of the above snippet is available here: [`drag-drop.js`](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/tree/master/packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/_snippets/features/drag-drop.js), [`drag-drop.html`](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/tree/master/packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/_snippets/features/drag-drop.html). The configuration of the editor used in the demo can be found here: [`build-drag-drop-source.js`](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/blob/master/packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/_snippets/features/build-drag-drop-source.js). The code for the custom plugin responsible for handling the h-cards is available here: [`hcard.js`](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/blob/master/packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/_snippets/features/hcard.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code of the above snippet is available here: [`drag-drop.js`](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/tree/master/packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/_snippets/features/drag-drop.js), [`drag-drop.html`](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/tree/master/packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/_snippets/features/drag-drop.html). You can find the configuration of the editor used in the demo here: [`build-drag-drop-source.js`](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/blob/master/packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/_snippets/features/build-drag-drop-source.js). The code for the custom plugin responsible for handling the h-cards is available here: [`hcard.js`](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/blob/master/packages/ckeditor5-clipboard/docs/_snippets/features/hcard.js).
```
